Pandas:
    Pandas is a library that provides data structures and data analysis tools. It introduces two primary data structures: Series and DataFrame.

    Series: A one-dimensional labeled array capable of holding any data type. It is similar to a column in a spreadsheet or a single-column dataset.
    DataFrame: A two-dimensional labeled data structure consisting of columns that can hold different data types. It is akin to a spreadsheet or a SQL table.
    Pandas provides a wide range of functionalities for data manipulation, cleaning, filtering, merging, grouping, and analysis. It allows for efficient handling of structured data and makes data exploration and manipulation tasks more convenient.

NumPy:
    NumPy, short for Numerical Python, is a library for numerical computation in Python. It provides a multidimensional array object called ndarray, along with functions for working with arrays efficiently.

    The key features of NumPy include:

    ndarray: A fast and efficient n-dimensional array object that supports various operations, including mathematical, logical, and statistical operations.
    Vectorized operations: NumPy enables element-wise operations on arrays, allowing for concise and efficient computation on large datasets.
    Linear algebra operations: NumPy provides functions for linear algebra operations, such as matrix multiplication, eigenvalues, and eigenvectors.
    Random number generation: NumPy includes functions for generating random numbers from various probability distributions.
    Integration with other libraries: NumPy serves as the foundation for many other scientific and data-related Python libraries, including Pandas, SciPy, and scikit-learn.
    NumPy's efficient array operations and mathematical functions make it a fundamental library for scientific computing and data analysis in Python.


matplotlib.pyplot is a collection of functions in the matplotlib library that provides a MATLAB-like interface for creating various types of plots and visualizations in Python. It is a commonly used module for generating 2D plots

Seaborn is a popular data visualization library in Python built on top of Matplotlib. It provides a high-level interface for creating attractive and informative statistical graphics. Seaborn is designed to work seamlessly with pandas data structures and is particularly well-suited for visualizing complex datasets.

Seaborn offers a wide range of plotting functions and customization options, making it easy to create various types of statistical visualizations.



By calling set_style('whitegrid'), you set the plot style to a white background with gridlines, which is one of the predefined styles available in Seaborn.

plt.figure(figsize = (10 , 4))::
allows you to control the dimensions of the figure, such as its width and height, to customize the output plot's size.

In the example plt.figure(figsize=(10, 4)), the figsize parameter is set to (10, 4). This specifies that the figure should have a width of 10 inches and a height of 4 inches.